I see the comment about money is what matters when it comes to
executives. I really do think understanding executives is a
fascinating undertaking. Like just thinking about preparing
graphs that executives are going to present or consume. I once
told someone on my team long ago, like, he actually wrote a
function called execufy. And like, basically, this needs to
take the graphs we have, and make it look like they were
drawn with a crayon, like, simple, big, you know, and, and
that's the kind of thing that often gets in the executive
level, communications. And then the question is why, because
sometimes it seems like it gets dumbed down the higher it goes.
But executives are generally very sharp people, many of whom
have come from very detailed technical backgrounds, right. So
it's not about the people, it's about the responsibilities they
have and the perspective they have. And I think really trying
to understand that is really helpful in thinking about how to
support them in running the business. And they do care about
money, which can be frustrating, but is also really important if
you want to stay employed and work for a company that has
money to spend on data scientists and stays in
business. So it's somebody has to care about that. And we have
to support them in some way and doing their jobs.